What are you doing?
You all told me to call the police
Who said to call the police?
It was me. They asked me to steal again
Yo, isn't this Section Chief Zhao of the Security Division?
Don't get close
Who was going to call the police just now?
It's me. They accused me of stealing
Don't worry, as the head of the Kyoto Security Section
I will enforce the law impartially
Since you said you didn't steal it
Take off your clothes
You can't tell at a glance
The head of the security section is indeed fair
Come on. I really didn't steal it.
I entrust
I can not
I drag it myself
Excuse me
You turn your head.
How can I be fair to you if the undergraduate doesn't see me in person?
procrastinate or not
Immediately throw you in jail
I only got 80% of my 7,000 yuan
Is it hidden in there?
It seems
Only the undergraduate head personally helped you prove your innocence?
What are you doing to help me?
Help! Stop